What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When you initialize a repository, it creates a .git folder
	containing all the revisions of files in that directory.
	When initialized however, no commits are made (you need to
	commit manually).  You need to do so that the system knows
	you may want to create commits in the future, and makes
	room for you to store them

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area is specifically a place to house your
	files before actually making a commit.  Files come from
	your working directory, and they go to the repository.
	In between those two places, they are placed in the
	staging area.  It's advantage is that it bundles files
	together.  For instance, lets say 3 files are added
	to the staging area from the working directory.  When
	those files are added to the repository, they are bundled
	together and added as a whole unit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	Whenever you finish making a logical change to your pogram,
	put all the files that constitute said changes in the
	staging area. If you want you can compare this against
	the latest commit, and the working directory to see
	exactly what you've changed. So when finished working
	on one logical change, you can stage the necessary files

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
	
	Branches are useful if you want to create a slightly
	different version of your program. For example, an easy
	mode, or a version in a different language. Or a version
	in which you're testing out an experimental feature. It
	helps you to create, test and save multiple lineages
	of your program.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	They help highlight and demonstrate the fact that branches
	have a flow to them, they 'flow' downstream, just like a
	river.  Meaning that if you create a new branch, or stream,
	then this will not be reachable by other branches, because
	it is upstream from other branches.  Each branch functions
	independently of the other branches.